Wirefly Mobile Store Review
Published on January 03, 2007.
First off, I should note that this is a payed review via reviewme.com.
Wirefly is an online store that sells cell phones and service.
I think they sell service for just about every carrier, including T-Mobile, Sprint, and Alltel.
Taking a quick look at Amazon.com’s mobile phone store, it looks like Alltel is not included.
So I guess in that respect, Wirefly wins.
I’m actually thinking about getting a new phone, so I just “pretended” to buy a new phone at both stores.
The Motorola Razr V3t immediately comes to mind as something I’d like to buy.
At Wirefly, the phone is $49.99 with a $50 rebate.
At Amazon.com, the phone is $24.99 with a $50 rebate and a $25 rebate.
The prices after rebate are $.01 and -$50.01 for Wirefly and Amazon.com, respectively.
These are both the price paid when bought with a plan.
I think Amazon.com is pretty much the standard when it comes to buying phone service online.
They have a pretty good reputation and very good prices.
I can’t say anything about Wirefly’s service, but it seems okay from the website.
I guess the only thing I could say is that if you’re looking for Alltel service, you won’t find it at Amazon.com.
Wirefly looks like a decent retailer; it just isn’t as good as Amazon.
I’d still go with Amazon in the end due to the prices and trust I have in that online retailer.